Code Insights: Implement new "Add or remove insights" view (#46538)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Code Insights no longer uses a custom index of commits to compress historical backfill and instead queries the repository log directly. This allows the compression algorithm to span any arbitrary time frame, and should improve the reliability of the compression in general. [#45644](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/45644)

> - Code Insights has got a new UI for the "add or remove insights" view [#46538](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46538)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code Insights has a new UI for the "Add or remove insights" view, which also allows you to search code insights by series label. [#46538](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46538)
```
Github doesn't allow me to do this but I think you should add this entry at the bottom of the list
